hey guys Jack hair from tech junkie
reviews com today I'm going to be doing
an unboxing and review of the rough rink
fusion case for the google nexus 4 now
first off a big thanks to mobile phone
for sending this case to us for review
and you can purchase this case from
their website via the link under the
like button for 14 pounds 95 so this
case comes in a brown box with the rough
logo on the front of the package and
some information about the case and
their eco packaging love them back now
if we cut the sill and open the package
up we are greeted by the case in a
plastic bag and that's it no manuals or
screen protector so taking a look from
the ports the case on top there is a
large headphones slot and a small hole
from second microphone on the right
there is the rink logo and a raised
power button on left there's nothing
apart from the raised volume rocker and
down bottom there is a sizable opening
for the USB next to a hole for the
microphone so as you can see the back is
completely clear but still has an
opening for the speaker camera and flash
so now it's time to grab the Nexus 4 and
put it in the case left side first to
avoid damage to the volume rocker and
the rest goes in with an easy person
I've had no problem installing this case
in the past one thing to note though is
that you should make sure there is
nothing inside the case porins do as it
could cause air bubbles and even
scratching I'm very pleased with the
protection in this case offers the sides
are completely covered by the black
plastic which also creates a lip over
the top of the screen which is good if
you place your phone facedown on a
surface one thing I was skeptical about
was the clear plastic on the back of the
case but luckily I was wrong and it
functions very well as it is extremely
hard and rigid which protects the glass
back of the Nexus 4 there are also four
small plastic feet around the edge which
means when the plastic is on the surface
it isn't actually touching so it won't
get scratched however it could still get
scratched in a bag one thing i don't
like about functionality of this case is
that the black plastic i found to be
more slippery than the phone itself so
if it was more robbery or even had more
of a texture that would be a big
improvement the looks of this case are
very nice first glance it looks like
that isn't a case on it
if only making it look like it is packed
on the pounds little the best thing
about the clear plastic back as it shows
off the extremely popular rear of the
nexus 4 the only problem of that in fact
is it gets lots of fingerprints it isn't
actually a huge amount to say about the
aesthetics as it is pretty unnoticeable
apart from the previously mentioned bulk
a place that I often see cases be let
down as the buttons they are usually
either hard to access or too mushy but
these protrude enough so they aren't too
hard to click also have a nice tactile
feedback from the press one complaint I
do have is that they are possibly too
easy to click so I found myself using
the case accidentally tone the screen
off of turning the volume up but rather
that than not being able to press the
buttons overall I definitely recommend
getting this case despite its chunkiness
and slippy sites I definitely recommend
purchasing this case so that's been my
review of the rough ranked fusion case
for the google nexus 4 if you enjoyed
this video make sure to give it a thumbs
up and if you are new to the channel i
would highly recommend to click the
subscribe button I've been jack from
tech junkie reviews calm and thanks for
watching